Add initial docs for Portals for Capacitor (#175)
ionic-team/ionic-portals: website/docs/for-capacitor/live-updates.md

---
title: Live Updates
sidebar_label: Live Updates
---

> The real power of Portals for Capacitor comes in with [Appflow LiveUpdates](https://ionic.io/docs/appflow/deploy/intro). So let's configure a few of the applications we are using. If you are using a mono-repo you will need to add some configuration to your base directory. You can read more about that in [Appflows docs](https://ionic.io/docs/appflow/cookbook/appflow-config)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The real power of Portals for Capacitor comes in with [Appflow LiveUpdates](https://ionic.io/docs/appflow/deploy/intro). So let's configure a few of the applications we are using. If you are using a monorepo you will need to add some configuration to your base directory. You can read more about that in [Appflows docs](https://ionic.io/docs/appflow/cookbook/appflow-config)
```

> First lets add config for the main shell application. Modify the `capacitor.config.ts` file to add the following.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First let's add Live Updates to the main shell application. Modify the `capacitor.config.ts` file to add a `liveUpdateConfig` section to the Portals application.
```
